chore(docs): update docs for SQL Review (#376)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/en/reference/error-code/advisor.md

### 701 - Drop database restriction

Can only drop the database if there's no table in it. Check [Drop database restriction](/docs/sql-review/review-rules/database-drop-empty-db) for details.

### 702 - Not current database

> The database in your SQL statement mismatch the database in the catalog. Please check the statement to ensure the database name is correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The database in your SQL statement mismatches with the database in the catalog. Please check the statement to ensure the database name is correct.
```
